>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
in implementing _.map(),
we need to make sure that we
return an array somewhere, right?
Okay, what else do we need to do?
>> Speaker 2: Create
an empty array to store.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: To store e,
right,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Anything else?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: How about this
corner?
>> Speaker 3: Do we need to
check if the list is an array?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And, in fact, for
this, since we're getting late on time,
we'll just do it for
array.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We'll just skip
the doing both.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay,
you're letting me spell badly in public.
It's like me having spinach in
my teeth and you not telling me.
Just so you know, that's really rude,
it violates my trust in you.
Okay so we're gonna create an empty array
and we're going to return an array.
I think there are some
steps in the middle.
We need a loop.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
then what do we need to do in that loop?
>> Speaker 4: Call
back on each element and
then push it to the storage array.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right,
seems like a solid plan.
What do we think, anyone else have extra
steps you think we should consider?
No, okay.
So let's create our array.
We can say var, call
it storage, okay?
We're gonna loop, so we're just
gonna assume the list is an array.
So = 0.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: list.length
>> Bianca Gandolfo: [LAUGH] Just seeing if
you're on your toes,
I know it's getting late in the day.
Okay, so we're looping.
What's the next thing we wanna do?
>> Speaker 3: Push
every,
>> Speaker 3: And then see every i
to the storage, the empty array.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Close.
>> Speaker 5: Run it through the callback?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, want to call on
the callback.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Do we wanna run it
with i though?
What's i again?
It's just gonna be a number.
>> Speaker 6: Is it list i?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: list.i, yep.
And then, i and
the list
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: How do we feel?
Feeling good?
You think this will explode or
you think it'll run?
>> Speaker 7: Both.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: That would be
exciting, right?
Okay, so let's do our test case here.
We want to give it a list, and then we
need to give it our callback function.
And then we need to return the val + 1,
and
we'll put the value here, okay?
So, what should this print out, or
what should this return?
>> Speaker 8: An array of two,
three, four.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep,
exactly.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
we're expecting that.
Let's take it for a whirl.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: This is where you're
just like, please work, please work.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All
right,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So hey,
this is our last chance to make sure
there's nothing that's gonna make
it explode.
Are we confident in this piece of code?
If this was taking us to Mars, [LAUGH]
just kidding you'd never do that in
a JavaScript.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We knew it guys.
Come on, we have to snap, it's more fun,
this is the celebration phase.
There we go, you guys can do it,
you both have two fingers at least.
Cool, so there we are.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Come a long way.
Let's see, it is past 4, so
I'm gonna replace this for loop.
I've been trying really hard not
to say puns all day, but I did.
All right, so I want to do each instead
because functional
programmers don't like loops.
We like to use functions that do the loops
for us so we don't have to think about it.
Okay, so,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: How do we translate?
I guess I can leave the loop here so
we can look at it.
How do we translate this looping
situation into our each?
What's our list?
>> Speaker 9: Just
list.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What's our
callback?
>> Speaker 9: Just call
back.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Is
there a function callback?
>> Speaker 2: It's cuz you already
are taking in a callback function.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: But
what happens if we do this?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
we get rid of this?
>> Speaker 2: You'd still
have to push it to an array.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
it's not pushing it to the array.
So we're skipping some functionality.
>> Speaker 2: I see.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, but
that's a common misconception.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right, so
we have our value,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And of
course,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What
are we doing here?
Where were we?
Okay, we were translating our for
loop into each,
which seemed easier earlier right?
It was not a big deal and
suddenly we're throwing it in here and
it gets a little funky, right?
I think what makes it complicated is that,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: The nested
function thing, right,
adds some borders there,
but it's really these arguments, right?
We need to make sure that
we're keeping in mind this,
and not,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: These
ones.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right, so
what was the thing that we wanted to do?
So we looped through it.
So now this is looping, right?
It's looping,
it's calling an empty function, great,
what was the second thing we need to do?
>> Speaker 10: Push it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Push it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So how do we push it?
>> Speaker 3: Storage.push?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm, all right,
what are we gonna?
>> Speaker 3: Is it just v?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm, and
list.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool, so
we have access to this
in our parent scope.
So we'll just push it,
with the value, the index, and
the list,
because that's the expected behavior.
We have access to all of that data.
Sorry.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: There,
with a callback so
what ever the callback returns should be
pushed to our storage.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Questions?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Which one do you like
better, the for loop or the each?
>> Speaker 2: Each.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Each?
Feels a little fancier, right?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All
right,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Any
questions about each or map?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: it's
like one of those things that you take for
granted.
And then you realize,
it's a little challenging when you
haven't thought about it that way.
But then, once you get used to
thinking about it that way,
it starts to feel natural.
So if it's feeling unnatural right now,
and this is the first time you ever
done that, that's totally normal,
that's where you should be.
It took us a whole day to get to this
point and we even skipped ahead.
Usually I wait to do this until
after we talk about functions, but
I thought let's just push ahead and
do the fun stuff earlier than usual
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So,
if it's feeling a little uncomfortable,
totally fine.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: But
it'll become natural.
And I think implementing the internals
forces you to really think about what's
happening rather than kind
of just letting it run and
see what happens, letting it run and
see what happens.
And a tip I like to give
is to never do that.
It is to actually seek to understand
all the code that you write.
So, this means don't
like change something,
save it, refresh see what happens,
change something, fiddling like that.
It might seem faster or maybe it feels
easier cuz it takes less brain power.
But in the long run, you're not gaining
the skill of properly modeling
your program in your mind.
And so,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Once you're able
to model your program in your mind it's
going to be easier to catch bugs without
having to go back and forth refresh, etc.,
rerun it, whatever it is you're doing.
It also will help you start
to understand when you're
code is too complicated
to hold it in your mind.
If you're code is starting to get too
complicated to hold in your mind,
that is a sign that your
code should be simplified.
It can be rewritten in a way that is
easier to hold in your mind at one time.